our world as we know it is a lot simpler
to put to an end you might think rules
of the day the car gets immobilized
start shooting nobody gets traded
everybody dies same as everything you
got it
oops
how the hell you expect me to run an
operation when you're running a side
operation I'm just trying to back you up
buddy it's a dangerous dangerous world
out there you know it's not working this
little war will go on with or without
you
good ear well I did it alright it's done
I killed him
you're blown this trap your key how
hungry and greedy how do you expect me
to operate I did what I had to do
be quite finished nobody's innocent this
thirst that can't eat this anymore
call me when you think is straight I am
thinking straight you're not all right
you can't because you're a million miles
away
you walk out on me you know what that
means what does that mean off target
target 310